# FG Review

1. "The code is not currently set up to easily exist across multiple environments"
What can be done to simplify this?
- Usage of environment variables that switch on
- DO is a great service, requires a level of devOps that can get expensive at scale.
- Could try to use a service like DeployBot to run auto-deploys when code is pushed to the master
- Continuous integration mindset, only send source-code up to the server and the server builds production assets.
- Take a look at Heroku and what it has to offer
- Check out [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

2. Mongo Setup
Based on our discussion last week and some research, I do want to keep a MongoDB. Do you recommend a specific structure change?
How do you create indexes / keys, and what do you recommend we create them on?
- Take a peek at the docs [here](http://mongoosejs.com/docs/guide.html#indexes)
- Mongodb [indexes](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/indexes/)
```
var animalSchema = new Schema({
  name: String,
  type: String,
  tags: { type: [String], index: true } // field level
});

animalSchema.index({ name: 1, type: -1 }); // schema level
```
```
var UserSchema = mongoose.Schema({
        userName: { type: [String], index: true },
        firstName: String,
        lastName: String,
        password: String,
        group: String,
        active: {
            type: Boolean,
            default: true
        }
    },
    {
        toObject: {virtuals: true},
        toJSON: {virtuals: true}
    });
```
- in mongo, reference object mongo ID

3. Server-side routing
"routing is being declared inside the controllers instead of at a higher level in reference to the controller"
Can we look at one specific example of what we should change?
- check out the Mozilla [docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/routes)
- using [middleware](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/using-middleware.html)
- Check out branch `feature/branching`

4. Unit Testing
You recommended to put some unit testing in place. We discussed this briefly last week.
Can we look at one component and have you explain more
specifically what we should do?
- organizing the file structure which you already are doing
- More edge cases like dirty data, unauthorized deletes

5. "Inconsistent use of React proptypes within the code".
I found this article: https://wecodetheweb.com/2015/06/02/why-react-proptypes-are-important/
We are not using proptypes at all. Let's discuss this briefly.
- example in your app, code might have been removed `src/js/components/historybar/material_title_panel.js`

6. DRY
As we discuss the points above, any place where you see opportunity for a function to reduce code footprint, please point it out.
- Really this is the mindset. Check your code, do some housecleaning, take a step back from features so You can keep your code organized. It'll be easier to keep your head wrapped around it and not have things grow out of control 6 months from now.
